The Teachers of PSNA College of Engineering and Technology.

Dr. Thomas Paul Roy is a senior Profesor worked for more than a 10 years at PSNA College of Engineering and Technology.
Thomas Paul Roy currently teaches the subjects "Web Technology", "Data Structure", and "Theory of Computation" for 2nd and 3rd years.
Thomas Paul Roy's cabin is currently at the Second Floor's Computer Lab in the Department of CSE (Computer Science and Engineering).

Ms. Padmapriya is also a teacher at PSNA College of Engineering and Technology, who teaches "Object Oriented Programming", and "Cryptography and CyberSecurity"
Ms. Padmapriya's cabin is at the 3rd floor, room number 304 in the Department of CSE (Computer Science and Engineering).

Dr. Satheesh Babu is a senior Professor worked in PSNA for more than 10 years. He is also the current Placement Co-ordinator for the Fourth / Final Years as of 2026.
Dr. Satheesh Babu Teaches "Data Structures", "Data Science" and "Python Programming".
Dr. Satheesh Babu's cabin is at the Second Floor room number 207. He is also said to be in the second floor research lab in the Department of CSE (Computer Science and Engineering).

Ms. Santhana Prabha is Professor in PSNACET. She teaches UI/UX, Application Development, Data Science and more.
Ms. Santhana Prabha's Cabin is located in the Third Floor, room number 301, in the East entrance

Ms. Hemalatha's Cabin is in the 3rd floor, room number 304.
Ms. Sathya C's Cabin is in the ground floor, near the Elevator that connects IT and CSE Departments.

The Head of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Dr. D. Shanthi's Cabin is in the first floor of Department of CSE. You can reach it directly by taking the stairs thats in front of the Department.
Dr. Karuppuchamy's Cabin is in the Second floor, Room number 207. It is located near the elevator way, Connection between IT and CSE Departments. He is also said to be in the Internet of Things (IoT) Lab in the First floor.
Mr. Kamarajan's Cabin is in the Second floor, Room number 207. It is located near the elevator way, Connection between IT and CSE Departments.
Dr. Sathya Sofia's Cabin is in the Ground floor, The room near the Elevator in the CSE - IT Connection. 
Dr. Thanapal's Cabin is in the First floor's IBM Lab, which is located in the side of the stairs of Information Technology (IT) department.